prompt.md, before:

Using the Project Knowledge AND the SPECS provided as your core instructions please help me build my flutter mobile ios app on the defined area of focus. 

MAIN FOCUS AREA:
Ai planning service. 
plans are not saved properly to the saved workout plans
plans are not configurable 
workouts in plans are not configurable 

project structure: 

├── app.dart
├── features
│   ├── ai
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   ├── ai_context.dart
│   │   │   ├── conversation.dart
│   │   │   ├── message.dart
│   │   │   ├── personality_settings.dart
│   │   │   └── prompt_template.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   ├── ai_chat_provider.dart
│   │   │   ├── ai_service_provider.dart
│   │   │   └── openai_provider.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   └── ai_chat_screen.dart
│   │   └── services
│   │       ├── context_service.dart
│   │       ├── conversation_manager.dart
│   │       ├── openai_service.dart
│   │       ├── personality_engine.dart
│   │       └── prompt_engine.dart
│   ├── ai_workout_creation
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   └── creation_step.dart
│   │   ├── provider
│   │   │   └── workout_generation_provider.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   └── ai_workout_screen.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── category_selection_step.dart
│   │       ├── custom_request_step.dart
│   │       ├── duration_selection_step.dart
│   │       ├── equipment_selection_step.dart
│   │       ├── generating_step.dart
│   │       ├── parameter_summary_sheet.dart
│   │       ├── refinement_result.dart
│   │       ├── refinement_step.dart
│   │       ├── welcome_step.dart
│   │       └── workout_result.dart
│   ├── ai_workout_planning
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   ├── ai_workout_plan_model.dart
│   │   │   └── plan_generation_parameters.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   ├── ai_planning_provider.dart
│   │   │   ├── ai_workout_plan_provider.dart
│   │   │   └── plan_generation_provider.dart
│   │   ├── repositories
│   │   │   └── ai_workout_plan_repository.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── ai_plan_creation_screen.dart
│   │   │   └── saved_plans_screen.dart
│   │   ├── services
│   │   │   └── ai_planning_service.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── plan_detail_bottom_sheet.dart
│   │       ├── steps
│   │       │   ├── duration_frequency_step.dart
│   │       │   ├── focus_variation_step.dart
│   │       │   ├── generating_step.dart
│   │       │   ├── parameters_summary_sheet.dart
│   │       │   ├── special_request_step.dart
│   │       │   └── welcome_step.dart
│   │       └── visualization
│   │           ├── plan_calendar_view.dart
│   │           ├── plan_preview.dart
│   │           └── workout_distribution_chart.dart
│   ├── auth
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   └── user_profile.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   ├── auth_provider.dart
│   │   │   ├── fitness_profile_provider.dart
│   │   │   └── user_provider.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── edit_profile_screen.dart
│   │   │   ├── login_screen.dart
│   │   │   ├── onboarding_screen.dart
│   │   │   └── signup_screen.dart
│   │   ├── services
│   │   │   ├── firebase_auth_service.dart
│   │   │   ├── fitness_profile_service.dart
│   │   │   └── google_sign_in_service.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── apple_sign_in_button.dart
│   │       ├── auth_button.dart
│   │       ├── google_sign_in_button.dart
│   │       └── onboarding
│   │           ├── components
│   │           │   ├── goal_option.dart
│   │           │   ├── level_option.dart
│   │           │   ├── privacy_policy_dialog.dart
│   │           │   ├── scrollable_step.dart
│   │           │   ├── step_progress_indicator.dart
│   │           │   └── terms_conditions_dialog.dart
│   │           ├── profile_setup_coordinator.dart
│   │           └── steps
│   │               ├── basic_info_step.dart
│   │               ├── body_focus_step.dart
│   │               ├── capability_questionnaire.dart
│   │               ├── dietary_preferences_step.dart
│   │               ├── fitness_level_step.dart
│   │               ├── goals_step.dart
│   │               ├── measurements_step.dart
│   │               └── workout_environment_step.dart
│   ├── home
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   ├── display_name_provider.dart
│   │   │   └── recommended_workout_provider.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── home_screen.dart
│   │   │   ├── home_tab.dart
│   │   │   └── profile_tab.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── ai_workout_creator_card.dart
│   │       ├── category_card.dart
│   │       ├── featured_workout_card.dart
│   │       ├── quick_action_card.dart
│   │       ├── stats_card.dart
│   │       └── welcome_card.dart
│   ├── nutrition
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   └── food_item.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   └── food_scanner_provider.dart
│   │   ├── repositories
│   │   │   └── food_repository.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── food_details_screen.dart
│   │   │   └── scanner_screen.dart
│   │   └── services
│   │       ├── barcode_scanner_service.dart
│   │       ├── ml_kit_service.dart
│   │       ├── open_food_facts_service.dart
│   │       └── permissions_service.dart
│   ├── settings
│   │   └── screens
│   │       └── gdpr_settings_screen.dart
│   ├── splash
│   │   └── screens
│   │       └── splash_screen.dart
│   ├── workout_planning
│   │   ├── index.dart
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   ├── scheduled_workout.dart
│   │   │   └── workout_plan.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   └── workout_planning_provider.dart
│   │   ├── repositories
│   │   │   └── workout_planning_repository.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── weekly_planning_screen.dart
│   │   │   └── workout_scheduling_screen.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── calendar_view.dart
│   │       ├── day_schedule_card.dart
│   │       ├── scheduled_workout_item.dart
│   │       └── workout_day_header.dart
│   └── workouts
│       ├── data
│       │   ├── exercise_repository.dart
│       │   ├── local_exercise_repository.dart
│       │   └── sources
│       │       ├── exercise_data_source.dart
│       │       └── json_exercise_data_source.dart
│       ├── models
│       │   ├── exercise.dart
│       │   ├── workout.dart
│       │   ├── workout_log.dart
│       │   ├── workout_section.dart
│       │   ├── workout_stats.dart
│       │   └── workout_streak.dart
│       ├── providers
│       │   ├── exercise_providers.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_selector_provider.dart
│       │   ├── workout_editor_provider.dart
│       │   ├── workout_execution_provider.dart
│       │   ├── workout_provider.dart
│       │   └── workout_stats_provider.dart
│       ├── repositories
│       │   └── custom_workout_repository.dart
│       ├── screens
│       │   ├── all_featured_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── beginner_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── category_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── custom_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_detail_screen.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_editor_screen.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_library_screen.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_selector_screen.dart
│       │   ├── favorite_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── pre_workout_setup_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_analytics_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_browse_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_completion_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_detail_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_editor_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_execution_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_history_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_search_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_templates_screen.dart
│       │   └── workout_version_history_screen.dart
│       ├── services
│       │   ├── exercise_db_service.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_service.dart
│       │   ├── voice_guidance_service.dart
│       │   ├── workout_execution_helper_service.dart
│       │   ├── workout_service.dart
│       │   └── workout_stats_service.dart
│       └── widgets
│           ├── category_card.dart
│           ├── editor
│           │   ├── equipment_and_tags_section.dart
│           │   ├── section_card.dart
│           │   └── workout_basic_info_form.dart
│           ├── execution
│           │   ├── between_sets_screen.dart
│           │   ├── between_sets_timer.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_completion_animation.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_content_widget.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_info_sheet.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_settings_modal.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_timer.dart
│           │   ├── exit_confirmation_dialog.dart
│           │   ├── rep_based_exercise_content.dart
│           │   ├── rest_period_widget.dart
│           │   ├── rest_timer.dart
│           │   ├── workout_bottom_controls.dart
│           │   ├── workout_progress_indicator.dart
│           │   └── workout_top_bar.dart
│           ├── exercise_demo_widget.dart
│           ├── exercise_filter_bar.dart
│           ├── exercise_image_widget.dart
│           ├── exercise_list_item.dart
│           ├── exercise_type_tag.dart
│           └── workout_card.dart
├── firebase_options_dev.dart
├── flavors.dart
├── main.dart
├── main_dev.dart
├── main_prod.dart
├── shared
│   ├── analytics
│   │   ├── crash_reporting_service.dart
│   │   └── firebase_analytics_service.dart
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── buttons
│   │   │   ├── primary_button.dart
│   │   │   └── secondary_button.dart
│   │   ├── feedback
│   │   │   ├── feedback_button.dart
│   │   │   ├── feedback_utils.dart
│   │   │   ├── satisfaction_prompt.dart
│   │   │   └── shake_to_report.dart
│   │   └── indicators
│   │       └── loading_indicator.dart
│   ├── config
│   │   ├── app_config.dart
│   │   └── router.dart
│   ├── constants
│   │   └── app_constants.dart
│   ├── models
│   │   ├── app_user.dart
│   │   └── legal_document.dart
│   ├── navigation
│   │   ├── auth_guard.dart
│   │   └── navigation.dart
│   ├── providers
│   │   ├── analytics_provider.dart
│   │   ├── crash_reporting_provider.dart
│   │   ├── environment_provider.dart
│   │   ├── feedback_provider.dart
│   │   └── firebase_providers.dart
│   ├── repositories
│   │   ├── mock_data
│   │   │   ├── bums_workouts.dart
│   │   │   ├── cardio_workouts.dart
│   │   │   ├── full_body_workouts.dart
│   │   │   ├── index.dart
│   │   │   ├── quick_workouts.dart
│   │   │   └── tums_workouts.dart
│   │   └── mock_workout_repository.dart
│   ├── services
│   │   ├── consent_management_service.dart
│   │   ├── data_retention_service.dart
│   │   ├── environment_service.dart
│   │   ├── exercise_icon_mapper.dart
│   │   ├── exercise_media_service.dart
│   │   ├── fallback_image_provider.dart
│   │   ├── feedback_service.dart
│   │   ├── firebase_service.dart
│   │   ├── gdpr_service.dart
│   │   ├── legal_document_service.dart
│   │   ├── resource_loader_service.dart
│   │   └── shake_detector_service.dart
│   ├── theme
│   │   ├── app_theme.dart
│   │   ├── color_palette.dart
│   │   └── text_styles.dart
│   └── utils
│       └── exercise_reference_utils.dart
└── specs
    ├── 00_project_overview.md
    ├── 01_user_journeys.md
    ├── 02_design_system.md
    ├── 03_technical_architecture.md
    ├── 04_firebase_architecture.md
    ├── 05a_ai_integration.md
    ├── 05b_ai_prompting.md
    ├── 06a_auth_system.md
    ├── 06b_food_scanning.md
    ├── 06d_social_features.md
    ├── 06e_challenges.md
    ├── 06f_in_app_purchases.md
    ├── 07_analytics_and_monitoring.md
    ├── 08a_security_and_compliance.md
    ├── 08b_gdpr_dpia.md
    ├── 08c_gdpr_testing_plan.md
    ├── 09_implementation_plan.md
    ├── 10a_early_feedback.md
    ├── 10b_advanced_feedback.md
    ├── 11_gamification.md
    ├── 12_accessibility.md
    ├── 13_ux_ui_spec.md
    ├── 14a_workouts.md
    ├── 14b_workout_tracking_analytics.md
    └── 14c_workout_map.md

Which of these files do you want to review? 


things to do: 


ideas
user journey after onboarding
- do a simple workout with two simple exercises (under 1 min)
- complete and add to plan (force adding to plan with message saying this can be removed later, have option to skip adding to plan disabled)
- Direct / take user to plan page to view exercise in the calander as done
- demonstrate workput extrapolation every day, week, month (custom) for how long?
- demonstrate workout intensity increase automation (is there a max reps/weight/sets)
- demonstrate

user should be asked how they want to do measuremens - height, body weight, exercise weight and this then sets the app for that (can be configured in edit profile section)


Enhanced AI Plan Creation

Apply the same conversational UI approach to the plan creation process
Create a step-by-step flow similar to the workout creator
Implement visualization of the plan schedule


Improved AI Chat Experience

Update the chat interface to be more conversational and engaging
Add suggestion chips based on user history and profile
Implement visual elements for different types of responses

Commit message:

workout plan generator but o back burner for now

prompt.md, after:

Using the Project Knowledge AND the SPECS provided as your core instructions please help me build my flutter mobile ios app on the defined area of focus. 

MAIN FOCUS AREA:
Ai planning saved plans have no workouts. 
Ai planning doesnt make workouts only makes plan skeletons
Review and improve the AI planning system into a complete system that creates not only plans of workouts but also the workouts themselves that can be interacted with like any other workout. (the ai workout generation does this well already)


project structure: 

├── app.dart
├── features
│   ├── ai
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   ├── ai_context.dart
│   │   │   ├── conversation.dart
│   │   │   ├── message.dart
│   │   │   ├── personality_settings.dart
│   │   │   └── prompt_template.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   ├── ai_chat_provider.dart
│   │   │   ├── ai_service_provider.dart
│   │   │   └── openai_provider.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   └── ai_chat_screen.dart
│   │   └── services
│   │       ├── context_service.dart
│   │       ├── conversation_manager.dart
│   │       ├── openai_service.dart
│   │       ├── personality_engine.dart
│   │       └── prompt_engine.dart
│   ├── ai_workout_creation
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   └── creation_step.dart
│   │   ├── provider
│   │   │   └── workout_generation_provider.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   └── ai_workout_screen.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── category_selection_step.dart
│   │       ├── custom_request_step.dart
│   │       ├── duration_selection_step.dart
│   │       ├── equipment_selection_step.dart
│   │       ├── generating_step.dart
│   │       ├── parameter_summary_sheet.dart
│   │       ├── refinement_result.dart
│   │       ├── refinement_step.dart
│   │       ├── welcome_step.dart
│   │       └── workout_result.dart
│   ├── ai_workout_planning
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   ├── ai_workout_plan_model.dart
│   │   │   └── plan_generation_parameters.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   ├── ai_planning_provider.dart
│   │   │   ├── ai_workout_plan_provider.dart
│   │   │   └── plan_generation_provider.dart
│   │   ├── repositories
│   │   │   └── ai_workout_plan_repository.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── ai_plan_creation_screen.dart
│   │   │   └── saved_plans_screen.dart
│   │   ├── services
│   │   │   └── ai_planning_service.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── plan_detail_bottom_sheet.dart
│   │       ├── steps
│   │       │   ├── duration_frequency_step.dart
│   │       │   ├── focus_variation_step.dart
│   │       │   ├── generating_step.dart
│   │       │   ├── parameters_summary_sheet.dart
│   │       │   ├── special_request_step.dart
│   │       │   └── welcome_step.dart
│   │       └── visualization
│   │           ├── plan_calendar_view.dart
│   │           ├── plan_preview.dart
│   │           └── workout_distribution_chart.dart
│   ├── auth
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   └── user_profile.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   ├── auth_provider.dart
│   │   │   ├── fitness_profile_provider.dart
│   │   │   └── user_provider.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── edit_profile_screen.dart
│   │   │   ├── login_screen.dart
│   │   │   ├── onboarding_screen.dart
│   │   │   └── signup_screen.dart
│   │   ├── services
│   │   │   ├── firebase_auth_service.dart
│   │   │   ├── fitness_profile_service.dart
│   │   │   └── google_sign_in_service.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── apple_sign_in_button.dart
│   │       ├── auth_button.dart
│   │       ├── google_sign_in_button.dart
│   │       └── onboarding
│   │           ├── components
│   │           │   ├── goal_option.dart
│   │           │   ├── level_option.dart
│   │           │   ├── privacy_policy_dialog.dart
│   │           │   ├── scrollable_step.dart
│   │           │   ├── step_progress_indicator.dart
│   │           │   └── terms_conditions_dialog.dart
│   │           ├── profile_setup_coordinator.dart
│   │           └── steps
│   │               ├── basic_info_step.dart
│   │               ├── body_focus_step.dart
│   │               ├── capability_questionnaire.dart
│   │               ├── dietary_preferences_step.dart
│   │               ├── fitness_level_step.dart
│   │               ├── goals_step.dart
│   │               ├── measurements_step.dart
│   │               └── workout_environment_step.dart
│   ├── home
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   ├── display_name_provider.dart
│   │   │   └── recommended_workout_provider.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── home_screen.dart
│   │   │   ├── home_tab.dart
│   │   │   └── profile_tab.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── ai_workout_creator_card.dart
│   │       ├── category_card.dart
│   │       ├── featured_workout_card.dart
│   │       ├── quick_action_card.dart
│   │       ├── stats_card.dart
│   │       └── welcome_card.dart
│   ├── nutrition
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   └── food_item.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   └── food_scanner_provider.dart
│   │   ├── repositories
│   │   │   └── food_repository.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── food_details_screen.dart
│   │   │   └── scanner_screen.dart
│   │   └── services
│   │       ├── barcode_scanner_service.dart
│   │       ├── ml_kit_service.dart
│   │       ├── open_food_facts_service.dart
│   │       └── permissions_service.dart
│   ├── settings
│   │   └── screens
│   │       └── gdpr_settings_screen.dart
│   ├── splash
│   │   └── screens
│   │       └── splash_screen.dart
│   ├── workout_planning
│   │   ├── index.dart
│   │   ├── models
│   │   │   ├── scheduled_workout.dart
│   │   │   └── workout_plan.dart
│   │   ├── providers
│   │   │   └── workout_planning_provider.dart
│   │   ├── repositories
│   │   │   └── workout_planning_repository.dart
│   │   ├── screens
│   │   │   ├── weekly_planning_screen.dart
│   │   │   └── workout_scheduling_screen.dart
│   │   └── widgets
│   │       ├── calendar_view.dart
│   │       ├── day_schedule_card.dart
│   │       ├── scheduled_workout_item.dart
│   │       └── workout_day_header.dart
│   └── workouts
│       ├── data
│       │   ├── exercise_repository.dart
│       │   ├── local_exercise_repository.dart
│       │   └── sources
│       │       ├── exercise_data_source.dart
│       │       └── json_exercise_data_source.dart
│       ├── models
│       │   ├── exercise.dart
│       │   ├── workout.dart
│       │   ├── workout_log.dart
│       │   ├── workout_section.dart
│       │   ├── workout_stats.dart
│       │   └── workout_streak.dart
│       ├── providers
│       │   ├── exercise_providers.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_selector_provider.dart
│       │   ├── workout_editor_provider.dart
│       │   ├── workout_execution_provider.dart
│       │   ├── workout_provider.dart
│       │   └── workout_stats_provider.dart
│       ├── repositories
│       │   └── custom_workout_repository.dart
│       ├── screens
│       │   ├── all_featured_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── beginner_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── category_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── custom_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_detail_screen.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_editor_screen.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_library_screen.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_selector_screen.dart
│       │   ├── favorite_workouts_screen.dart
│       │   ├── pre_workout_setup_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_analytics_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_browse_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_completion_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_detail_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_editor_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_execution_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_history_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_search_screen.dart
│       │   ├── workout_templates_screen.dart
│       │   └── workout_version_history_screen.dart
│       ├── services
│       │   ├── exercise_db_service.dart
│       │   ├── exercise_service.dart
│       │   ├── voice_guidance_service.dart
│       │   ├── workout_execution_helper_service.dart
│       │   ├── workout_service.dart
│       │   └── workout_stats_service.dart
│       └── widgets
│           ├── category_card.dart
│           ├── editor
│           │   ├── equipment_and_tags_section.dart
│           │   ├── section_card.dart
│           │   └── workout_basic_info_form.dart
│           ├── execution
│           │   ├── between_sets_screen.dart
│           │   ├── between_sets_timer.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_completion_animation.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_content_widget.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_info_sheet.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_settings_modal.dart
│           │   ├── exercise_timer.dart
│           │   ├── exit_confirmation_dialog.dart
│           │   ├── rep_based_exercise_content.dart
│           │   ├── rest_period_widget.dart
│           │   ├── rest_timer.dart
│           │   ├── workout_bottom_controls.dart
│           │   ├── workout_progress_indicator.dart
│           │   └── workout_top_bar.dart
│           ├── exercise_demo_widget.dart
│           ├── exercise_filter_bar.dart
│           ├── exercise_image_widget.dart
│           ├── exercise_list_item.dart
│           ├── exercise_type_tag.dart
│           └── workout_card.dart
├── firebase_options_dev.dart
├── flavors.dart
├── main.dart
├── main_dev.dart
├── main_prod.dart
├── shared
│   ├── analytics
│   │   ├── crash_reporting_service.dart
│   │   └── firebase_analytics_service.dart
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── buttons
│   │   │   ├── primary_button.dart
│   │   │   └── secondary_button.dart
│   │   ├── feedback
│   │   │   ├── feedback_button.dart
│   │   │   ├── feedback_utils.dart
│   │   │   ├── satisfaction_prompt.dart
│   │   │   └── shake_to_report.dart
│   │   └── indicators
│   │       └── loading_indicator.dart
│   ├── config
│   │   ├── app_config.dart
│   │   └── router.dart
│   ├── constants
│   │   └── app_constants.dart
│   ├── models
│   │   ├── app_user.dart
│   │   └── legal_document.dart
│   ├── navigation
│   │   ├── auth_guard.dart
│   │   └── navigation.dart
│   ├── providers
│   │   ├── analytics_provider.dart
│   │   ├── crash_reporting_provider.dart
│   │   ├── environment_provider.dart
│   │   ├── feedback_provider.dart
│   │   └── firebase_providers.dart
│   ├── repositories
│   │   ├── mock_data
│   │   │   ├── bums_workouts.dart
│   │   │   ├── cardio_workouts.dart
│   │   │   ├── full_body_workouts.dart
│   │   │   ├── index.dart
│   │   │   ├── quick_workouts.dart
│   │   │   └── tums_workouts.dart
│   │   └── mock_workout_repository.dart
│   ├── services
│   │   ├── consent_management_service.dart
│   │   ├── data_retention_service.dart
│   │   ├── environment_service.dart
│   │   ├── exercise_icon_mapper.dart
│   │   ├── exercise_media_service.dart
│   │   ├── fallback_image_provider.dart
│   │   ├── feedback_service.dart
│   │   ├── firebase_service.dart
│   │   ├── gdpr_service.dart
│   │   ├── legal_document_service.dart
│   │   ├── resource_loader_service.dart
│   │   └── shake_detector_service.dart
│   ├── theme
│   │   ├── app_theme.dart
│   │   ├── color_palette.dart
│   │   └── text_styles.dart
│   └── utils
│       └── exercise_reference_utils.dart
└── specs
    ├── 00_project_overview.md
    ├── 01_user_journeys.md
    ├── 02_design_system.md
    ├── 03_technical_architecture.md
    ├── 04_firebase_architecture.md
    ├── 05a_ai_integration.md
    ├── 05b_ai_prompting.md
    ├── 06a_auth_system.md
    ├── 06b_food_scanning.md
    ├── 06d_social_features.md
    ├── 06e_challenges.md
    ├── 06f_in_app_purchases.md
    ├── 07_analytics_and_monitoring.md
    ├── 08a_security_and_compliance.md
    ├── 08b_gdpr_dpia.md
    ├── 08c_gdpr_testing_plan.md
    ├── 09_implementation_plan.md
    ├── 10a_early_feedback.md
    ├── 10b_advanced_feedback.md
    ├── 11_gamification.md
    ├── 12_accessibility.md
    ├── 13_ux_ui_spec.md
    ├── 14a_workouts.md
    ├── 14b_workout_tracking_analytics.md
    └── 14c_workout_map.md

Which of these files do you want to review? 


things to do: 


ideas
user journey after onboarding
- do a simple workout with two simple exercises (under 1 min)
- complete and add to plan (force adding to plan with message saying this can be removed later, have option to skip adding to plan disabled)
- Direct / take user to plan page to view exercise in the calander as done
- demonstrate workput extrapolation every day, week, month (custom) for how long?
- demonstrate workout intensity increase automation (is there a max reps/weight/sets)
- demonstrate

user should be asked how they want to do measuremens - height, body weight, exercise weight and this then sets the app for that (can be configured in edit profile section)


Enhanced AI Plan Creation

Apply the same conversational UI approach to the plan creation process
Create a step-by-step flow similar to the workout creator
Implement visualization of the plan schedule


Improved AI Chat Experience

Update the chat interface to be more conversational and engaging
Add suggestion chips based on user history and profile
Implement visual elements for different types of responses
